okay so i've been in this apartment for
okay we're going on a week now it's
three in the morning I come in my door
tonight open the door I walk in and I
happened to notice something humongous
on the floor a spider a humongous spider
that was a color of my carpet I'm like
man that's crazy huge old spider get in
my house so I got my shoe and I banged
it and I killed it and I got it and I
was like okay problem solved I can do
this I can do this living on my own
business and I'm good to go I'm a spider
killer what I proceed on checking the
lights making the rounds at my house to
make sure I'm safe and secure for the
evening before I go to bed I come over
here and I'm just standing at the
counter and in the snake right here
byamba there's a bug besides my hand
with about 1,800 legs looking back at me
1800 things I proceeded to shriek and
keep in mind it's about three in the
morning so I'm like oh wow and that I
don't know the neighbors heard me
they're probably afraid for my life as I
am I spray it I spoke about I sprayed so
you can't spray a bug no more it was oh
it was a sprayed it was all crumbly I
thought I got it and I couldn't get down
the dream because it's a part in the
drain where there's the three holes so
who's bug is so big and we'll just go
down by the holes it's it from top
that's not the whole thing I thought I
got it and so now I'm going on my house
checking around for more bugs I come
back it's coming back out of this thing
the bug is coming back out of this sink
all its little flaring legs coming up
out of the seats like the creature from
the Blue Lagoon in my apartment to which
I shrieks some more the poor neighbors I
feel bad fit so I continue to spray it
and spray and spray it again it gets
crumbly and again after couple minutes
it's like it's clean game with me it's
like the bug is playing a game it comes
crawling back out so I win begs tit
I got my Windex I berry mountain flavor
Windex I'm he's a good joke of this
windbags trying to kill this bug did
that help no this black is like made of
steel it's like super human bug my sink
oh I got a spy on the floor I've got a
bug in my sink I'm walking around the
house and you're like oh my gosh are
there bugs everywhere and then BAM can
we see this do you see that do you see
nothing right up there that's this bug
is not on my ceiling at the same kind of
bug I just got done and freaking out
about in the sink yes I'm a ceiling I
need an exterminator like a step they
have emergency exterminators I see this
but I still have the bug in this thing
that I'm thinking about moving kills
bugs like a new balance tinny shoe that
I worked out in and now I'm gonna have
to throw away and a new shoe I used it I
waited i did a squirt action and sink
while the bug was just laying there
pretending to be dead on me I spread a
little imminent flared up I have my shoe
and a bit and then it was so much or it
must have been the vibration was so much
my shoe in the sink now my whole wall
hanging came down this is what I had in
my kitchen wall over top of my sink but
now it is not over it fell in the sink
however that bug did die his little legs
were everywhere I late to them were
scattered all over my sink middle my
friend readers now I'm stuck with I
don't know to do I mean it's one thing
to smash a blog in a sink it's another
thing to smash a bug on a ceiling or
could fall right on you come on girl I
mean that hit humongous bugs I know what
all your staying out that you're saying
just hit it and just get a paper towel
just gonna baby tap and smash it I know
that's exactly what he would say this is
so
we say this is so insane I'm gonna set
the camera and we're gonna kill his bud
together ah oh my gosh do you see it
this is the bug right there so roast
it's got a million leg you know what
let's do what if I hit with my flip-flop
first and then we'll follow the ground
and then I can smash it flip-flop new
balance it's gonna be deadly combination
to this little guy oh my gosh it doesn't
move it's ready around by huh kind of
like is it it's like a flounder bud I
can't ever take it I could not even do
this
it's on the floor I don't know if it's
dead or not these kind of bugs have a
tendency to play tricks on you not
actually be dead we do you think they're
dead but it could really be dead I might
have really good aim with the shoe I
don't know I don't know yeah I think
it's killed I think it's killed this
night has been beyond beyond beyond
tonight has been beyond that was a tale
of my night and my apartment invested
with crazy bugs I go into the office
first thing in the morning if I can
sleep I might wait outside the office
and demand to be bug exterminated or
whatever they do mm-hmm clean it up now
that's gonna be a lot better than trying
to snap it on the wall but now I feel
creepy and crawly ever I feel like
there's creepy-crawlies everywhere
thanks for listening guys thanks for
being a part of this journey with me
it's always a pleasure to have the
backing and the support from fellow bug
haters and girly girls Oh